applications: asset_tracker_v2: Rework passive mode (#8908)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The application now uses the new LwM2M location assistance objects through the :ref:`lib_lwm2m_location_assistance` library.
  * Added handling for the new data receive events in the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.

>   * Use passive mode as the default mode for Thingy:91 builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The application now uses passive mode as the default mode for Thingy:91 builds.
```

>   * The application now uses passive mode as the default mode for Thingy:91 builds.

Reviewer 2: dont we need to mention the change about the (in)activity thresholds too?

Reviewer 3: I think changing the default values of the thresholds is a minor change. Since they are so application-specific, customers will tweak them anyways.
